-> High-availability failover is available with either automatic client failover, or application-level failover, through a live-backup structure.
   Each live server has a backup server, which can also be backed up by as many servers as necessary.

-> The backup server only takes over if the live server crashes and there is a failover. Simulteneously, one of the secondary backup servers takes over
	as the passive backup server, from the new live server. After the failover, and after the former live server has been restarted, 
	it becomes a secondary backup server, or the backup server if there are only two.


-> Clustering should be enabled even if you are not using the clustering capabilities. This is because each node of the HA cluster must have 
	a cluster-connection to all of the other nodes, in order to negotiate roles with the other servers.

-> A shared file-system-directory is required, in order for the backup server to send/receive messages as a response to the messages received 
	by the previous live server.
	
-> 


Cluster : set of server instances using a common communication channel to improve services availability by providing failover, fault-tolerance and 
scalability capabilities.

Start the JBoss EAP 7 cluster
To start the cluster is as simple as starting the standalone version, since Ansible helped us configure everything all we need to do is to go to the $JBOSS_HOME/bin and execute domain.sh instead of standalone.sh

$ cd ~/jboss-eap-7.0/bin
$ sh domain.sh


----> High availability
To test the high availability we can suspend the server that our session is connected to. In this step we will use backend-server1, but please you should use the same server that where listed in Step 4.

To suspend the server follow the below steps

Open another tab to the admin console (http://localhost:9990)

Login with username admin and password admin-123

Click on Runtime tab

Browse Domain by Server Groups → backend-servers → backend1

Select Suspend from the drop down menu next to backend1


Click on Suspend Server


Reload the other firefox tab with the clustering-demo application

If everything worked correctly the backend server should now change and the counter should continue from and not restart.

<--------------


Load-balancing and clustering are often mixed-up. Load-balancing is just about dispatching the load between different nodes. 
Clustering focuses on replicating state between nodes to guarantee failover.
